(crowd cheering)
(exciting music)
- [Narrator] The X3 is the faster, safer,
better way to work out.
Increasing fatigue, increases results.
- That's why we use the X3 Bar.
- I'm just getting started,
and I love it already.
(crowd cheering)
(exerciser panting)
- Our greatest glory is
not in never falling.
- But rising every time we fall.
- Is that Confucius?
(gong ringing)
- One thing I love
about the X3 is it comes
with a 12 week workout program developed
by exercise professionals.
- 12 weeks to become the
best person you can be.
- That's this many weeks.
Pretty good deal.
- [Narrator] With over 30,000 other
kings and queens to give you
advice and keep you motivated,
it's pretty great.
(crowd clambering)
- Finally I get to be a fit king.
- That's the spirit!
So click the link.
- You either get bitter or you get better.
- [All] Yeah!
- You either take what
has been dealt to you,
or have it build you.
- [All] Yeah.
- Will you let it tear you down?
- [All] No!
- The choice is ours!
(all cheering)
- Hey, Kings X3 is no joke.
- [Exerciser] That's a
lot of work in 10 minutes.
- X3 Bar, simple as that.
- Working out is for everyone.
The best way to work
out is with the X3 bar.
Click the link to find out today.
You got this King!
- X!
- 3!
- Bar!
- Stack up those gains!
(dramatic music)
(all cheering)
- [All] X3, X3, X3, X3, X3,
X3, X3, X3, X3, X3, X3, X3!